<essay>
  <enhanced>
    <sentence>It is true that there are conflicting views about the benefits of hosting major international sports
      events.</sentence>
    <sentence>
      <bold>While</bold> some argue that such events are advantageous for the host nation, I agree with those who
      believe that they are a waste of money which could be better spent.
    </sentence>
  </enhanced>
  <enhanced>
    <sentence>
      <bold>On the one hand, </bold>advocates of hosting international sports events focus on the stimulus which they
      give to promoting health and economic
      prosperity.
    </sentence>
    <sentence>Health is promoted through wide public interest in these events, in which new world records may be set,
      and a fierce
      competitive spirit is fostered.</sentence>
    <sentence>Extensive sports coverage on TV fires the imagination of the youth of the host country, all keen to take
      up sport and
      emulate their national heroes.</sentence>
    <sentence>
      <bold>In terms of the economy, hospitality and tourism benefit from the influx of sports fans from all over the
        world.</bold>
    </sentence>
    <sentence>An event such as the Olympic Games, <bold>for example</bold>, provides a kind of shop window for the
      host nation to advertise its attractions for tourists. </sentence>
    <sentence>
      <bold>On the other hand, </bold>I support the argument that too much value is placed on sport.
    </sentence>
  </enhanced>
  <enhanced>
    <sentence>
      <bold>Firstly, </bold>such international events are simply an opportunity to make money for hotels, restaurants,
      and businesses involved in
      sports merchandising.
    </sentence>
    <sentence>The vast majority of local people experience no improvement in their standard of living. </sentence>
    <sentence>
      <bold>Secondly, </bold>if the government of the host nation provides funding for these events, then it must curb
      public spending on hospitals,
      schools and a welfare state to help the poor.
    </sentence>
    <sentence>
      <bold>For instance</bold>, the Brazilian government spent money on building stadiums for the 2014 World Cup, and
      now it lacks money to deal with
      the corona virus pandemic.
    </sentence>
  </enhanced>
  <enhanced>
    <sentence>
      <bold>In conclusion, </bold>only a few benefit when a country hosts an international sports event, <bold>whereas
      </bold>life simply becomes harder for most of its citizens.
    </sentence>
  </enhanced>
</essay>